vault: docs and product-hardening for deny_slash_in_templated_paths (#2727)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v1.19.x/content/docs/configuration/index.mdx

  process. Supported endpoint families: "rekey", "generate-root",
  "generate-operation-token".

- `deny_slash_in_templated_paths` `(bool: false)` - Controls whether Vault returns
  "permission denied" when slashes (`/`) are present in
  [templated policy paths](/vault/docs/concepts/policies#templated-policies).

>   This can also be provided via the environment variable `VAULT_DENY_SLASH_IN_TEMPLATED_PATHS`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "permission denied" when
  [templated policy paths](/vault/docs/concepts/policies#templated-policies).
  include slashes (`/`). You can also set the environment variable,
  `VAULT_DENY_SLASH_IN_TEMPLATED_PATHS`.
```
Style correction: avoid "this" as a pronoun
